Update compatibility page to mention new Lua 5.5 features (#97)
luau-lang/site: src/content/docs/getting-started/compatibility.md

| feature | status | notes |
|--|--|--|

> | new generational mode for garbage collection | 🤷‍♀️ | we implement other optimizations to garbage collection

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| new generational mode for garbage collection | 🤷‍♀️ | we've implemented other optimizations to garbage collection
```

Taking syntax aside (which doesn't feel idiomatic or beautiful), `<close>` isn't very useful in Luau - its dominant use case is for code that works with external resources like files or sockets, but we don't provide such APIs - and has a very large complexity cost, evidences by a lot of bug fixes since the initial implementation in 5.4 work versions. `<const>` in Luau doesn't matter for performance - our multi-pass compiler is already able to analyze the usage of the variable to know if it's modified or not and extract all performance gains from it - so the only use here is for code readability, where the `<const>` syntax is... suboptimal.

Const variables are available in Luau through a `const var = value` syntax, which is backwards compatible through a context-sensitive keyword (similar to `type`).

## Lua 5.5

> | feature | status | notes |

Reviewer: Would it make sense to add a small blurb here like:
```
The Luau team has not had a chance to consider if some of the new features in Lua 5.5 would also be good extensions to Luau.
```
... or do you think that bit is self explanatory for the items in the tables without notes.

Reviewer 2: The shrug emoji is a reflection of that IMO

Author: Considered writing something, but yeah, with the legend at the start of the file, it should be mostly self-explanatory.
